update finding details page screenshot and viewing finding activity i… (#863)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-app/findings.md

<RemoveRule />

> #### Viewing and adding comments to finding's activity

Reviewer: We are now adding notes, not comments as it seems: <img width="371" alt="Screenshot 2023-01-31 at 21 51 47" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26669307/215819121-2304a2b1-9e05-4960-a79e-692d38ae5449.png">

```suggestion
#### Viewing and adding notes to findings
```

> To **view and add comments** to activity history of a finding:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To **view and add notes** to the activity of a finding:
```

> 1. Click the heading of the finding card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the [Findings](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/findings?tab=open) page, click the heading of the finding card.
```

> 2. Find the comments in the **Activity** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. View, or add the notes in the **Activity** section. To add a new note, click plus **New note**.
```

> 2. Find the comments in the **Activity** section.

Reviewer: @sabrinabrogren where can I find the new plus icon in the circles? I cannot find it in FontAwesome. Please, if you have a link to this icon and we can reuse it in the docs, let us know. :-) <img width="41" alt="Screenshot 2023-01-31 at 21 58 12" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26669307/215820825-69177541-f8a9-4fad-bbb6-a583ca75734a.png">

Author: Ah, yeah that's actually combination of an icon and the [mantine timeline component](https://mantine.dev/core/timeline/). So the blue circle is from the component, and the plus in the middle is the actual icon. Should I still add the icon to the docs or would that be confusing?

Reviewer: Please, if we can somehow add this icon, it will be great. @sabrinabrogren
